{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 mind map where each entry has a contents, and anything discussed in the contents points to other things, so its a graph and not a tree. I don't need it to be visual, just quickly searchable and clear in referencing. How do I make sure it doesn't rely on my fallibility? If I use a tag system, then it's on me to make the tags correct: descriptive, precise, but not too individual. I can just give it key words to look for, and when it finds them it'll make a connection, but it'll ignore everything else. This just means that I determine what's important, not how its categorized or what determines a reference. There's still the risk that I'll not include the right words to look for, but at least the fracturing isn't present. Maybe I should create synonyms to compare. Even if it has the important words, how will it know what to link? If it could tell the subject or general field then that might help. If the field is philosophy, but the subject the mind, then it relates to neuroscience. Use synonyms in conjunction with wordlist so that it'll link mind stuff to brain, thinking, ideas, imagination, etcetera. It could also link sentiments. It could link things in several ways, so you could filter by what links you'd like to consider; things in the same field, with the same word, synonyms, sentiment, etcetera. \
\
	I could use a bigram to see how often a word is the subject based on some training data, then it'll predict what word is most likely the subject. \
\
I'll take an org document, which may be organized by subject, and then from there just index the entries 1-n. So if one entry links to another it'd be like "Shakespeare note links to \{:neuroscience [10 12 56 100] :literature [1 2 3 5 9 10 12 ...]\} \
\
}